fulfilment/pricing-and-invoicing.md, before:

# 💰 Pricing & Invoicing

| Destination   | Zine up to 200g | Zines up to 500g | Zines up to 1kg |
| ------------- | --------------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
| UK            | £3              | £5               | £5              |
| EU            | £4              | £6               | £10             |
| Rest of World | £6              | £8               | £15             |

Note: we quote based on individual circumstances, please [contact us](mailto:fulfilment@peregrinecoast.press) for a quote!

### Storage 2023

Storage is chargeable monthly per SKU per box (minimum 1 SKU per box), above 1 free box.

A box is a standard 29.5 x 23 x 19cm (these are fairly close to the boxes printers ship in).

| # of additional boxes | Monthly cost |
| ----------------------| ------------ |
| 1                     | £10/month    |
| 2                     | £15/month    |
| 3                     | £17.5/month  |
| 4                     | £20/month    |
| 5                     | £22/month    |

### Distribution 2023

Distribution is in addition to storage, and is charged per 30kg box shipped within the UK. 

| # of Boxes | Cost         |
| ---------- | ------------ |
| 1          | £15          |
| 2          | £25          |
| 3          | £35          |
| 4          | £40          |
| 5          | £45          |

International distribution (includind customs cleared in the EU) is possible, but quoted for 
individually to give you the most accurate and up to date cost. 

### Additional charges 2023

| Category                                                               | Fee      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Inventory of stock - counting stock in storage or received in goods in | £15/SKU  |
| Photo of stock                                                         | £2/photo |
| Shipment received without pre-advice                                   | £50      |
| Invalid shipping data - chargeable for us to fix it                    | £15/hour |
| Shipping return files - tracking (if available), weight etc.           | £10/file |

### Invoicing

We invoice monthly on 30 day terms in GBP. For bulk projects we invoice on completion, but may require a deposit.

You can pay by bank transfer or by card.

Commit message:

Tracked shipments get free manifests

fulfilment/pricing-and-invoicing.md, after:

# 💰 Pricing & Invoicing

| Destination   | Zine up to 200g | Zines up to 500g | Zines up to 1kg |
| ------------- | --------------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
| UK            | £3              | £5               | £5              |
| EU            | £4              | £6               | £10             |
| Rest of World | £6              | £8               | £15             |

Note: we quote based on individual circumstances, please [contact us](mailto:fulfilment@peregrinecoast.press) for a quote!

### Storage 2023

Storage is chargeable monthly per SKU per box (minimum 1 SKU per box), above 1 free box.

A box is a standard 29.5 x 23 x 19cm (these are fairly close to the boxes printers ship in).

| # of additional boxes | Monthly cost |
| ----------------------| ------------ |
| 1                     | £10/month    |
| 2                     | £15/month    |
| 3                     | £17.5/month  |
| 4                     | £20/month    |
| 5                     | £22/month    |

### Distribution 2023

Distribution is in addition to storage, and is charged per 30kg box shipped within the UK. 

| # of Boxes | Cost         |
| ---------- | ------------ |
| 1          | £15          |
| 2          | £25          |
| 3          | £35          |
| 4          | £40          |
| 5          | £45          |

International distribution (includind customs cleared in the EU) is possible, but quoted for 
individually to give you the most accurate and up to date cost. 

### Additional charges 2023

| Category                                                               | Fee      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Inventory of stock - counting stock in storage or received in goods in | £15/SKU  |
| Photo of stock                                                         | £2/photo |
| Shipment received without pre-advice                                   | £50      |
| Invalid shipping data - chargeable for us to fix it                    | £15/hour |
| Shipping return files* - tracking (if available), weight etc.          | £10/file |

\* Shipping returns files are included free of charge for any shipments with tracked items

### Invoicing

We invoice monthly on 30 day terms in GBP. For bulk projects we invoice on completion, but may require a deposit.

You can pay by bank transfer or by card.
