# 🦋 ZiMo 2023

We're offering fulfillment to 5 first-time creators who successfully fund their projects during Zine Month at no charge. [ratti incantati](https://rattiincantati.com/pages/free-zimo-2023-fulfillment) is collaborating to help with US and Canadian shipping.

## What is Zine Month (ZiMo)?

ZiMo is an alternative to Zinequest that does not rely on Kickstarter or a single site/company for funding. The website showcases the zines created for this event and links to whatever the creator's chosen platform is.

## What are the requirements for submitting to Zine Month?

1. Released or seeking funding within the month of February 2023;
2. Related to TTRPGs and/or adjacent;
3. Nothing perfect-bound or hardcover; only stapled, saddle-stitched, digital, etc.;
4. Roughly A5, or smaller in dimensions.

## How does our free fulfilment work?

Once your project is funded, and your zine is printed, you'll send your zines to us (we'll help you sort out postage and any duties/taxes) and direct your North American backers to ratti incantati shop and your other backers to Peregrine Coast Press to pay for shipping which will be at cost and we will then ship the zines out.

Conditions:

1. Successfully funded during ZiMo;
2. All ZiMo requirements apply;
3. Main author's first physical zine;
4. Not funded through Kickstarter;
5. Absolutely no NFT artist/s or AI "art" involved.

Ping us an email [fulfilment@peregrinecoast.press](mailto:fulfilment@peregrinecoast.press) to let us know about your project!
